kids-students b
alexandra-crewe a
siblings-elder a
sisters-brothers a
sunny-cloudy b
woman-man a
narrative-context a 
nun-priest a
herself-himself a
redesignated-regiment a 
grandmother-grandfather a
childhood-boyhood a
grandmothers-elian a
lesbians-homosexuals a
athletes-players b
brenda-schultz a
countess-earl a
haitians-colombians a
sexist-racist b
niece-nephew a
women-men a
glamorous-flamboyant b
championships-team a
maggie-farley a
married-born a
friends-members b
housekeeper-janitor a 
mistress-lover a
bears-lions a
sydney-canberra a
juliet-romeo a
cute-goofy b
females-males a
magdalene-christ a
lets-enables b
mothers-fathers a
crying-talking b
spokeswoman-spokesman a
guitar-accordion a
estrogen-testosterone a
lesbian-homosexual a
schoolgirl-girl a
mama-papa a
hillary-kerry a
princess-prince a
granddaughter-grandson a
wonderful-great a
daughters-sons a
really-interested a
mom-dad a
hugh-sir a
lesbians-gays a
explains-explain a
goddess-gods a
housewife-schoolteacher b
sexy-flashy b
grandma-grandpa a
haired-burly a
mayor-councilman a
love-desire b
singers-musicians b
lovely-magnificent b
girl-boy a
female-male a
soulful-baritone a
precious-valuable a
wife-married a
childhood-boyhood a
rodham-gore a
sire-stallion a
husband-whom a
cancer-prostate a
businesswoman-businessman a
nuns-monks a
sailing-rowing b
compatriots-countrymen a
angela-chancellor a
voyage-expedition b
uterus-embryo a
miss-missed a
hers-theirs a
florence-rome b
mothers-fathers a
feminists-anarchists b
walks-strikeouts a
boyfriend-estranged a
marie-jean a
devi-krishna a
gender-racial b
sexism-semitism b
medications-aspirin b
resists-resisting a
pink-coloured b
soprano-tenor a
heiress-heir a
parents-they a
fiance-roommate b
daughter-son a
beautiful-handsome a
hair-beard a
me-him a
moms-dads a
haiti-guatemala a
pretty-guy b
gloria-arroyo a
king-kings a
tell-understand b
actress-actor a
businesswoman-businessman a
chairwoman-committee b
womb-fetus a
devotees-followers b
congresswoman-congressman a
grandmother-grandfather a
charlotte-milwaukee a
peyton-colts a
lakers-bulls a
kids-guys a
presenter-broadcaster a
woman-man a
wife-who a
hint-hinting a
spirituality-philosophy b
liz-claiborne a
teaches-studying b
volleyball-football a
vocalist-guitarist b
rosemary-basil a
strident-rhetoric b
maternal-mortality a
ladies-gentlemen a
serena-williams a
pregnancy-complications b
reverend-rector a
coach-football a
stepmother-widowed a
son-gentleman a
elizabeth-edward a
goddess-deity a
lady-ladies a
heiress-socialite a
hers-theirs a
teen-young a
aunts-uncles a
always-concerned a
sprawling-outskirts a
uterus-bladder a
she-he a
aunt-uncle a
dresses-shirts b
herself-himself a
joins-joining a
duchess-duke a
maids-helpers b
cleopatra-caesar a
daughter-son a
vocalists-guitarists b
cubs-cardinals a
ultrasound-imaging a
friend-acquaintance a
affection-appreciation b
breast-prostate a
cancelled-cancelling a
guess-probably b
cosmetics-pharmaceuticals b
lesbian-gay a
mae-freddie a
witches-witchcraft a
witch-wicked a
departed-returning b
queen-king a
martha-stewart a
voyage-expedition b
dame-notre a
waitress-waiter a
ships-planes a
when-in a
inkster-stricker a
children-those a
though-officials a
nonprofit-organization b
mrs-mr a
semifinal-playoff a
suitors-bidders a
dress-uniform b
fillies-breeders a
dictator-strongman a
princess-prince a
mama-hey a
appears-suggesting a
agers-youths a
sorority-fraternity a
rape-sodomy a
pink-red a
sister-brother a
blouse-shirt a
pick-draft a
granddaughter-grandson a
baroness-baron a
suitor-bidder a
mother-father a
aunts-uncles a
toddlers-youngsters a
compatriot-countryman a
like-those a
congresswoman-congressman a
executive-chairman a
aunt-uncle a
queen-king a
menopause-puberty b
nun-monk a
spokeswoman-spokesman a
girlfriend-friend a
mother-father a
heroine-hero a
haitian-guatemalan a
daughters-sons a
couple-years a
once-previously a
wears-helmet a
heroine-hero a
bride-groom a
lab-laboratory a
realizes-realise a
activists-leaders b
sculptures-engravings a
convent-monastery a
love-good a
blond-lanky a
wondering-speculating a
empress-emperor a
teenager-youngster a
mom-dad a
women-men a
neck-abdomen a
yanks-yankees a
gymnastics-basketball b
loyalists-sympathizers b
sister-brother a
feminism-marxism b
filly-colt a
tries-attempts a
entrepreneurs-businessmen a
her-his a
salesmen-salesman a
boy-schoolboy a
mommy-daddy a
designer-architect b
refuses-rejects a
actress-actor a
sisters-brothers a
ladies-gentlemen a
grandma-grandpa a
custody-arrest a
actresses-actors a
peyton-quarterback a
chairwoman-chairman a
waitress-bartender b
sobbing-yelling b
ship-carrying a
prostitution-gambling b
niece-nephew a
nurse-physician b
woodland-upland a
filly-colt a
enemy-terrorists a
actresses-actors a
finding-possibility a
her-his a
estrogen-testosterone a
husband-couple a
socialite-philanthropist b
netball-rugby a
girls-boys a
sorority-fraternity a
girls-boys a
friends-him a
widow-died a
posturing-macho a
girlfriend-prostitute a
husbands-wives a
tennis-soccer b
kid-guy a
presents-presenting a
ballerina-dancer b
compatriot-teammate a
let-intend a
maid-housekeeper a
semifinals-playoffs a
gown-jacket b
girl-boy a
feminism-nationalism b
evening-sunday a
nuns-monks a
she-he a
softball-baseball a
singer-musician b
convent-jesuit a
take-possible a
feisty-combative a
